Gareth Williams a brilliant
mathematician who graduated at 17 and
went on to work in GCHQ before being
seconded to mi6 but in August 2010 he
was found dead in his London flat in the
most unusual of circumstances after he'd
been reported missing police had entered
the flat today the first officer inside
described passing a woman's wig hanging
on a chair before entering this bathroom
where he found a large padlocked red
sports bag when he lifted it red liquid
emerged and he called for help the
suspicion is that someone else was with
Gareth Williams when he died here it is
flat but the problem is the police have
been able to find no reliable evidence
no DNA no fingerprints that's left a
mystery the lawyer for Gareth Williams
his family says all this suggests that
someone specializing in what he called
the dark hearts of an intelligence
service was either involved or cleaned
up afterwards so what were Gareth
Williams his last movements on August
fourteenth CCTV captured him at Holland
Park tube station the following
afternoon he visited Harrods and was
pictured near a shop in Knightsbridge
but his body was only found in Pimlico
on August the 23rd a week after he'd
missed a meeting at mi6 Gareth
Williams's family attended today's
inquest his sister Carrie said she
thought 20,000 pounds of women's
clothing found in his flat might be
gifts she also said he was unhappy in
London he disliked office culture post
work drinks flash car competitions and
the rat race he even spoke of friction
in the office she said the chief of mi6
sir john sawers attended gareth williams
is funeral in north wales some of his
officers will give evidence but
anonymously and some material will be
excluded on national security grounds
but was it his work or his private life
as police have suggested that led to
gareth williams his death the inquest is
due to last up to two weeks Gordon
Carrera BBC News